# A-First
Four-Leaves-All-For-You

I can't tell you how many times I've started a blog and every time the process has been all-too overwhelming and has thence placed a self-applied limitation on how much I come back to this process... a general total of once per blog host has been my past blog entry experience. 

To begin I will start with some bullet points that are my life right now. I will frame them in exactly the way I answer the question, "What are you up to these days?" 

- Well, we're living in Skowhegan with Tony's parents so yeah, lots of commuting to the Falmouth area for works' sake (about 1.5 hours' drive both ways, trying to save money living somewhere for free.) 
- I'm working a couple of days at the custard stand I worked at growing up, yes I'm ashamed to be here again, yes I want a better job, yes I'm holding off because I'm currently pregnant with our second child and he'll be here in 4 short months. Yes it's a HUGE weight on my shoulders to not be bringing any income into the home as my student debt just keeps growing as time passes and my dad reveals more loans he took out from different companies throughout my college education. (YES, I think college was a MASSIVE waist of money at this point in my life- "Pointless things: umbrellas in a tsunami, long lists of madeup names in books for the sake of a list, a mom's college degree." 
- I have a two year old son, Oliver, who is the sun of my skies, he is the sweetest, smartest, little porkchop anyone could have asked to bring into this world and no, I would never trade having him in my life for the ability to use a college degree any better.  
- I'm engaged, as of Valentine's day this year, to my baby-daddy, Tony. Or as I've come to call him since our last reunion as a couple, Anthony.  We are planning on getting married next May, after our next little one is here and the lilacs are in bloom again. 
- OK, a little more than bullet points, but it's hard to wrap it up when I've got so much to shpeal about my life. Constantly
-     Side note: I've realized while working at the custard stand again, with a number of very kind, young, good listeners in an environment of regular silences aching to be filled with chit chat, that I can share waaaaaay too much. 
- 
Now for a deeper delve into the first bullet point to finish off the rest of this first post... Honestly I think I'll just blather for about 10 posts if I can manage to return to this site enough times to accomplish this mediochre attempt at writing anything of interest. 

Here goes:
~~Living in Skowhegan~~

Oh it was probably a little before Christmas (Tony's absolutley FAVORITE time of year, seriously, the kid would cum candy canes if.. well he just might, reeeally tiny ones...) when Tony proposed that we have another kid.  Oliver would be turning 2 soon, Tony would be finishing school in a few months and starting his salaried position at Tyler Technologies as a computer softwear engineer, and everything was looking dandy. Time to celebrate with baby making!!  
I was very weary of this proposition at first--A little background to get us to this point: Tony and I got pregnant with Oliver a month into dating after months of being friends and a little more than friends while Ariel had a boyfriend she should have dumped LONG ago. So we didn't get off to any sort of fairy tale beginning and both of us loved the idea of having another child we could both be excited for and look forward to bringing into the world this time-- So at this point I was ready to have that feeling but I also knew it meant ABSOLUTELY not working and pursuing a career, which I had already put on the back burner when I got pregnant with Oliver, any time soon.  Mostly I wanted to be happy, I wanted my family to be happy, I wanted Tony to be happy and I wanted us to be happy together. So, a new baby it was, a fresh batch of cement to plaster our cracked family together a little more securely.  

I was so thrilled when that stick came back positive, it didn't take very long after the IUD came out (and the bleeding stopped, GOD, being a woman is gross.) for one of my eggs to lick up one of those lil' candy canes. We danced around and tried to get Oliver excited about it with us but of course, he was two and at least got into the dancing mood along with us.  

So everything was going to work out great, yeah, I still had at least $500 each month to pay in loan debt and we weren't even paying our rent at this point (Tony's parents have helped us an immeasurable amount over the past few years), I don't really konw how we were buying groceries (like a said, A SHIT TON of help). 

I was working full time as an accounting assistant, but it was a temporary position in Bangor, no problem since we were planning to move to the Portland area when Tony started his new job.  The paycheck was enough to cover my monthly student loan payments and daycare (which was subsidized by the State so we were only paying about $35/week to have Oliver in daycare fulltime).  I liked the job, I loved the company, and the liked me; Dick mentioned trying to find something fulltime for me my first day working for him as a temp. But alas, Emera Maine is a Bangor area electricity company and I knew the offer was a perfectly good one wasted on a girl destined for other places. 

As it was, I intended to work at Emera through the month of June and keep the paychecks coming in as long as possible. Unfortunately, not all intentions come to fruition. Especially when the person trying to live out these thoughtful plans, is a  massive clutz; I fell down the stairs one night after finally getting back to yoga classes and threw all future plans of productivity out the window. I came home, hungry and a little extra tired from class and put on a brand new pair of socks (I used to love new socks...) and I went galloping down the stairs to my dinner when I slipped and skiddered down the second flight of stairs, riding along the right side of my back. So, much, pain.  I screamed, Tony and Oliver came, I couldn't move, could hardly breathe, I felt like someone had shoved a dagger into my right pelvis and to move sent fire up my back and down my right leg. "Mamma, you OK? You OK, Mamma?" Oliver started to cry he was so worried.  I told Tony to go ahead and get Oliver in bed, I just needed a minute so I could move to the couch and get my bearings.  I somehow managed to get back up those stairs and into bed that night but the next morning I couldn't get out of bed (our bed was a mattress on the floor-- extra difficult). So I called into work, "Give me a day or two and I'll try to get back in, I've gotta manage to get out of bed first."  

I went into quick care the next day, mostly to make sure the baby was ok, I was 10 weeks in at this point and my midwives, upon noting -over the phone, they were a couple hours away in Porland- there was no bleeding or cramping, said the baby was fine, and I knew in my heart the baby was fine but Tony and our parents wanted to be sure.   

When you're pregnant, a back injury is one of the worst things that can happen, mostly because there is no way of knowing exactly what is damaged (no x-rays etc. can't hurt the baby) also your body is trying to shift and loosen to prepare for carrying and delivering so it's all the more difficult to heal any damage done, AND you can't take pain pills (besideds Tylenol in the first trimester anyway) or muscle relaxants of any kind. After hearing the heart beat and sending me home with a prescription for xtra strong Tylenol, the Quick Care doctors sent me home. I ended up stuck in the house for 4 weeks. I saw a chiropractor about a week in who informed me it would be at least 6 weeks before I was back to work.  

So yeah, plans were thrown out the window, rolled off the lawn, down the gutter, and off into the great wide nothing.  Tony's mom insisted Oliver and I move in with them so they could take care of us and I conceded (being in pain constantly for weeks makes a person's judgment a little skewed). Oliver stopped going to daycare, Tony kept going to school and gradually started the long commutes to Falmouth to start his job a bit early, and I was stuck at my in-laws, wishing I was such a god damned clutz.  

Emera ended up waiting for me, which I didn't think they would do; I wasn't going to be available to work that temp position for 6 of those temporary weeks!  I could have gone back, but we had already cut our lease short in Old Town and our stuff was getting ready to move into storage in Skowhegan.  

So here we are. I took the job, working 10 hours a week at the custard stand, to get out of the fucking house and to earn a tiny bit of money to go toward my hulking, massive, terrible student loan debt payemnts.  I've got to figure out a next step to juggle mothering two boys and find SOME way of relieving SOME of the stress of taking on my loan payments which eat up 25% of Tony's monthly income.  Meanwhile we need so badly to get out of Skowhegan and closer to work so Tony doesn't have to spend 3 hours every day on the road. 

More on my life next time.  
